1 
 
Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 [As amended by the 
Securities Laws(Amendment) Act, 2014] 
 SECTIONS 
CHAPTER I 
PRELIMINARY 
 1. Short title, extent and commencement 
 2. Definitions 
CHAPTER II 
ESTABLISHMENT OF THE SECURITIES AND  
EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA 
 3. Establishment and incorporation of Board 
 4. Management of the Board 
 5. Term of office and conditions of service of Chairman and members of the Board 
 6. Removal of member from office 
 7. Meetings 
 7A. Member not to participate in meetings in certain cases 
 8. Vacancies, etc., not to invalidate proceedings of Board 
 9. Officers and employees of the Board 
CHAPTER III 
TRANSFER OF ASSETS, LIABILITIES, ETC., OF THE  
EXISTING SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE  
BOARD TO THE BOARD 
 10. Transfer of assets, liabilities, etc., of existing Securities and Exchange Board to the 
Board 
CHAPTER IV 
POWERS AND FUNCTIONS OF THE BOARD 
 11. Functions of Board 
 11A. Board to regulate or prohibit issue of prospectus, offer document or advertisement 
soliciting money for issue of securities 
11AA. Collective investment scheme 
 11B. Power to issue directions 
 11C. Investigation 
 11D. Cease and desist proceedings 
CHAPTER V 
REGISTRATION CERTIFICATE 
 12. Registration of stock brokers, sub-brokers, share transfer agents, etc. 
2 
 
 
CHAPTER VA 
PROHIBITION OF MANIPULATIVE AND DECEPTIVE  
DEVICES, INSIDER TRADING AND SUBSTANTIAL  
ACQUISITION OF SECURITIES OR CONTROL 
 12A. Prohibition of manipulative and deceptive devices, insider trading and substantial 
acquisition of securities or control 
CHAPTER VI 
FINANCE, ACCOUNTS AND AUDIT 
 13. Grants by the Central Government 
 14. Fund 
 15. Accounts and audit 
CHAPTER VIA 
PENALTIES AND ADJUDICATION 
 15A. Penalty for failure to furnish information, return, etc. 
 15B. Penalty for failure by any person to enter into agreement with clients 
 15C. Penalty for failure to redress investors‘ grievances 
 15D. Penalty for certain defaults in case of mutual funds 
 15E. Penalty for failure to observe rules and regulations by an asset management company 
 15F. Penalty for default in case of stock brokers 
 15G. Penalty for insider trading 
 15H. Penalty for non-disclosure of acquisition of shares and takeovers 
15HA. Penalty for fraudulent and unfair trade practices 
15HB. Penalty for contravention where no separate penalty has been provided 
 15-I. Power to adjudicate 
 15J. Factors to be taken into account by the Adjudicating Officer 
15JA.  Crediting sums realised by way of penalties to Consolidated Fund of India 
15JB.  Settlement of administrative and civil proceedings 
CHAPTER VIB 
ESTABLISHMENT, JURISDICTION, AUTHORITY AND  
PROCEDURE OF APPELLATE TRIBUNAL 
 15K. Establishment of Securities Appellate Tribunals 
 15L. Composition of Securities Appellate Tribunal 
 15M. Qualification for appointment as Presiding Officer or M ember of Securities Appellate 
Tribunal 
 15N. Tenure of office of Presiding Officer and other members of Securities Appellate 
Tribunal 
 15-O. Salary and allowances and other terms and conditions of service of Presiding Officers 
3 
 
 15P. Filling up of vacancies 
 15Q. Resignation and removal 
 15R. Orders constituting Appellate Tribunal to be final and not to invalidate its 
proceedings 
 15S. Staff of the Securities Appellate Tribunal 
 15T. Appeal to the Securities Appellate Tribunal 
 15U. Procedure and powers of the Securities Appellate Tribunal 
 15V. Right to legal representation 
 15W. Limitation 
 15X. Presiding Officer, members and staff of Securities Appellate Tribunals to be public 
servants 
 15Y. Civil Court not to have jurisdiction 
 15Z. Appeal to Supreme Court 
CHAPTER VII 
MISCELLANEOUS 
 16. Power of Central Government to issue directions 
 17. Power of Central Government to supersede the Board 
 18. Returns and reports 
 19. Delegation 
 20. Appeals 
 20A. Bar of jurisdiction 
 21. Savings 
 22. Members, officers and employees of the Board to be public servants 
 23. Protection of action taken in good faith 
 24. Offences 
 24A. Composition of certain offences 
 24B. Power to grant immunity 
 25. Exemption from tax on wealth and income 
 26. Cognizance of offences by Courts 
   26A. Establishment of Special Courts 
   26B.  Offences triable by Special Courts 
   26C. Appeal and revision 
  26D.  Application of Code to proceedings before Special Court 
   26E.  Transitional Provisions  
 27. Offences by companies 
 28. [Omitted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 1995, w.e.f. 25-1-1995] 
  28A.  Recovery of amounts 
 29. Power to make rules 
 30. Power to make regulations 
 31. Rules and regulations to be laid before Parliament 
4 
 
 32. Application of other laws not barred 
 33. [Repealed by Repealing & Amending Act, 2001] 
 34. Power to remove difficulties 
    34A. Validation of certain acts 
 35. Repeal and saving 
 
THE SCHEDULE [Repealed by Repealing & Amending Act, 2001] 
 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA ACT, 1992 
[15 OF 1992] 
[4th April, 1992] 
An Act to provide for the establishment of a Board to protect the interests of investors in 
securities and to promote the development of, and to regulate, the securities market and for 
matters connected therewith or incidental thereto 
BE it enacted by Parliament in the Forty-third Year of the Republic of India as follows : 
CHAPTER I 
PRELIMINARY 
Short title, extent and commencement. 
1. (1) This Act may be called the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992. 
(2) It extends to the whole of India. 
(3) It shall be deemed to have come into force on the 30th day of January, 1992. 
 
Definitions. 
2. (1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires,— 
 (a) ―Board‖ means the Securities and Exchange Board of India established under section 3; 
 (b) ―Chairman‖ means the Chairman of the Board; 
1[(ba) ―collective investment scheme‖ means any scheme or arrangement which satisfies the 
conditions specified in section 11AA;] 
 (c) ―existing Securities and Exchange Board‖ means the Securities and E xchange Board of 
India constituted under the Resolution of the Government of India in the Department of 
Economic Affairs No. 1(44) SE/86, dated the 12th day of April, 1988; 
 (d) ―Fund‖ means the Fund constituted under section 14; 
 (e) ―member‖ means a member of the Board and includes the Chairman; 
 (f) ―notification‖ means a notification published in the Official Gazette; 
 (g) ―prescribed‖ means prescribed by rules made under this Act; 
 (h) ―regulations‖ means the regulations made by the Board under this Act; 
2[(ha) ―Reserve Bank‖ means the Reserve Bank of India constituted under section 3 of the 
Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 (2 of 1934);] 
                                                 
1 Inserted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 1999, w.e.f. 22 -2-2000. 
2 Inserted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29 -10-2002. 
5 
 
 (i) ―securities‖ has the meaning assigned to it in section 2 of the Securities Contracts 
(Regulation) Act, 1956 (42 of 1956). 
3[(2) Words and expressions used and not defined in this Act but defined in the Securities 
Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (42 of 1956) 4[or the Depositories Act, 1996], shall have the 
meanings respectively assigned to them in that Act]. 
 
CHAPTER II 
ESTABLISHMENT OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA 
Establishment and incorporation of Board. 
3. (1) With effect from such date as the Central Government may, by notification, appoint, there 
shall be established, for the purposes of this Act, a Board by the name of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India. 
(2) The Board shall be a body corporate by the name aforesaid, having perpetual succession and 
a common seal, with power subject to the provisions of this Act, to acquire, hold and dispose of 
property, both movable and immovable, and to contract, and shall, by the said name, sue or be 
sued. 
(3) The head office of the Board shall be at Bombay. 
(4) The Board may establish offices at other places in India. 
 
Management of the Board. 
4. (1) The Board shall consist of the following members, namely:— 
 (a) a Chairman; 
 (b) two members from amongst the officials of the 5[Ministry] of the Central Government 
dealing with Finance 6[and administration of the Companies Act, 1956 (1 of 1956)]; 
 (c) one member from amongst the officials of 7[the Reserve Bank]; 
8[(d) five other members of whom at least three shall be the whole -time members,] to be 
appointed by the Central Government. 
(2) The general superintendence, direction and management of the affairs of the Board shall vest 
in a Board of members, which may exercise all powers and do all acts and things which may be 
exercised or done by the Board. 
(3) Save as otherwise determined by regulations, the Chairman shall also have powers of 
general superintendenc e and direction of the affairs of the Board and may also exercise all 
powers and do all acts and things which may be exercised or done by that Board. 
                                                 
3 Substituted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 1995, w.e.f. 2 5-01-1995. Prior to its substitution,  
sub-section (2) reads as under: 
―(2) Words and expressions used and not defined in this Act but defined in the Capital Issues (Control)  
Act, 1947 or the Securities Contracts Regulation Act, 1956 shall have the same mea nings respectively 
assigned to them in those Acts.‖ 
4 Inserted by the Depositories Act, 1996, w.r.e.f. 20-09-1995.  
5 Substituted for ―Ministries‖ by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29 -10-2002. 
6 Substituted for ―and law‖, by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29-10-2002.  
7 Substituted for ―the Reserve Bank of India constituted under section 3 of the Reserve Bank of India Act 
1934 (2 of 1934)‖, by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29-10-2002.  
8 Substituted by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002 , w.e.f. 29 -10-2002. Prior to its substitution, clause (d) 
read as:  ―(d) two other members‖.  
6 
 
(4) The Chairman and members referred to in clauses ( a) and ( d) of sub -section (1) shall be 
appointed by the Central Government and the members referred to in clauses ( b) and (c) of that 
sub-section shall be nominated by the Central Government and the 9[Reserve Bank] 
respectively. 
(5) The Chairman and the other members referred to in clauses ( a) and ( d) of sub -section (1) 
shall be persons of ability, integrity and standing who have shown capacity in dealing with 
problems relating to securities market or have special knowledge or experience of law, finance, 
economics, accountancy, administration or in any other discipline which, in the opinion of the 
Central Government, shall be useful to the Board. 
 
Term of office and conditions of service of Chairman and members of the Board. 
5. (1) The term of office and other conditions of service of the Chairman and the memb ers 
referred to in clause (d) of sub-section (1) of section 4 shall be such as may be prescribed. 
(2) Notwithstanding anything contained in sub -section (1), the Central Government shall have 
the right to terminate the services of the Chairman or a member a ppointed under clause ( d) of 
sub-section (1) of section 4, at any time before the expiry of the period prescribed under sub -
section (1), by giving him notice of not less than three months in writing or three months‘ salary 
and allowances in lieu thereof, a nd the Chairman or a member, as the case may be, shall also 
have the right to relinquish his office, at any time before the expiry of the period prescribed 
under sub-section (1), by giving to the Central Government notice of not less than three months 
in writing. 
 
Removal of member from office. 
6. 10[* * *] The Central Government shall remove a member from office if he— 
 (a) is, or at any time has been, adjudicated as insolvent; 
 (b) is of unsound mind and stands so declared by a competent court; 
 (c) has be en convicted of an offence which, in the opinion of the Central Government, 
involves a moral turpitude; 
 (d) 11[* * *] 
 (e) has, in the opinion of the Central Government, so abused his position as to render his 
continuation in office detrimental to the public interest : 
  Provided that no member shall be removed under this clause unless he has been given a 
reasonable opportunity of being heard in the matter. 
 
Meetings. 
7. (1) The Board shall meet at such times and places, and shall observe such rules of proc edure 
in regard to the transaction of business at its meetings (including quorum at such meetings) as 
may be provided by regulations. 
(2) The Chairman or, if for any reason, he is unable to attend a meeting of the Board, any other 
member chosen by the memb ers present from amongst themselves at the meeting shall preside 
at the meeting. 
                                                 
9 Substituted for ―Reserve Bank of India‖ by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29-10-2002. 
10 ―(1)‖ omitted by Securities Laws (Amendment) Act 1995, w.e.f. 2 5-1-1995. 
11 Omitted, by Securities Laws (Amendment) Act 1995, w.e.f. 25 -1-1995. Prior to omission clause (d)  read 
as: ―(d) is appointed as a director of a company‖.  
7 
 
(3) All questions which come up before any meeting of the Board shall be decided by a majority 
votes of the members present and voting, and, in the event of an equality of vot es, the 
Chairman, or in his absence, the person presiding, shall have a second or casting vote. 
 
12[Member not to participate in meetings in certain cases. 
7A. Any member, who is a director of a company and who as such director has any direct or 
indirect pecuniary interest in any matter coming up for consideration at a meeting of the Board, 
shall, as soon as possible after relevant circumstances have come to his knowledge, disclose the 
nature of his interest at such meeting and such disclosure shall be recor ded in the proceedings 
of the Board, and the member shall not take any part in any deliberation or decision of the 
Board with respect to that matter.] 
 
Vacancies, etc., not to invalidate proceedings of Board. 
8. No act or proceeding of the Board shall be invalid merely by reason of— 
 (a) any vacancy in, or any defect in the constitution of, the Board; or 
 (b) any defect in the appointment of a person acting as a member of the Board; or 
 (c) any irregularity in the procedure of the Board not affecting the merits of the case. 
 
Officers and employees of the Board. 
9. (1) The Board may appoint such other officers and employees as it considers necessary for the 
efficient discharge of its functions under this Act. 
(2) The term and other conditions of service of of ficers and employees of the Board appointed 
under sub-section (1) shall be such as may be determined by regulations. 
 
CHAPTER III 
TRANSFER OF ASSETS, LIABILITIES, ETC., OF THE EXISTING SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE BOARD TO THE BOARD 
Transfer of assets, liabilities, etc., of existing Securities and Exchange Board to the Board. 
10. (1) On and from the date of establishment of the Board,— 
(a) any reference to the existing Securities and Exchange Board in any law other than this 
Act or in any contract or other instrument shall be deemed as a reference to the Board; 
 (b) all properties and assets, movable and immovable, of, or belonging to, the existing 
Securities and Exchange Board, shall vest in the Board; 
 (c) all rights and liabilities of the existing Securities and Exchange Board shall be transferred 
to, and be the rights and liabilities of, the Board; 
(d) without prejudice to the provisions of clause ( c), all debts, obligations and liabilities 
incurred, all contracts entered into and all matters and things engage d to be done by, 
with or for the existing Securities and Exchange Board immediately before that date, for 
or in connection with the purpose of the said existing Board shall be deemed to have 
been incurred, entered into, or engaged to be done by, with or for, the Board; 
 (e) all sums of money due to the existing Securities and Exchange Board immediately before 
that date shall be deemed to be due to the Board; 
                                                 
12 Inserted by Securities Laws (Amendment) Act 1995, w.e.f. 25 -1-1995. 
8 
 
(f) all suits and other legal proceedings instituted or which could have been instituted by or 
against the existing Securities and Exchange Board immediately before that date may be 
continued or may be instituted by or against the Board; and 
(g) every employee holding any office under the existing Securities and Exchange Board 
immediately before that dat e shall hold his office in the Board by the same tenure and 
upon the same terms and conditions of service as respects remuneration, leave, 
provident fund, retirement and other terminal benefits as he would have held such office 
if the Board had not been es tablished and shall continue to do so as an employee of the 
Board or until the expiry of the period of six months from that date if such employee 
opts not to be the employee of the Board within such period. 
(2) Notwithstanding anything contained in the Ind ustrial Disputes Act, 1947 (14 of 1947), or in 
any other law for the time being in force, absorption of any employee by the Board in its regular 
service under this section shall not entitle such employee to any compensation under that Act or 
other law and no such claim shall be entertained by any court, tribunal or other authority. 
 
CHAPTER IV 
POWERS AND FUNCTIONS OF THE BOARD 
Functions of Board. 
11. (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, it shall be the duty of the Board to protect the 
interests of inv estors in securities and to promote the development of, and to regulate the 
securities market, by such measures as it thinks fit. 
(2) Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions, the measures referred to 
therein may provide for— 
 (a) regulating the business in stock exchanges and any other securities markets; 
 (b) registering and regulating the working of stock brokers, sub -brokers, share transfer 
agents, bankers to an issue, trustees of trust deeds, registrars to an issue, merchant 
bankers, underwriters, portfolio managers, investment advisers and such other 
intermediaries who may be associated with securities markets in any manner; 
13[(ba) registering and regulating the working of the depositories , 14[participants], custodians 
of securit ies, foreign institutional investors, credit rating agencies and such other 
intermediaries as the Board may, by notification, specify in this behalf;] 
 (c) registering and regulating the working of 15[venture capital funds and collective 
investment schemes], including mutual funds; 
 (d) promoting and regulating self-regulatory organisations; 
 (e) prohibiting fraudulent and unfair trade practices relating to securities markets; 
 (f) promoting investors‘ education and training of intermediaries of securities markets; 
 (g) prohibiting insider trading in securities; 
 (h) regulating substantial acquisition of shares and take over of companies; 
 (i) calling for information from, undertaking inspection, conducting inquiries and audits of 
the 16[stock exchanges, mutua l funds, other persons associated with the securities 
market], intermediaries and self-regulatory organisations in the securities market; 
                                                 
13 Inserted by Securities Laws (Amendment) Act 1995, w.r.e.f. 25-1-1995. 
14 Inserted by the Depositories Act, 1996, w.r.e.f. 20-9-1995. 
15 Substituted for ―collective investment schemes‖ by Securities Laws (Amendment) Act 1995, w.e.f. 25 -1-
1995. 
16 Substituted for ―stock exchanges and‖ by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act 1995,  w.e.f. 25-1-1995. 
9 
 
17[(ia)  calling for information and records from any person including any bank or any other 
authority or board or cor poration established or constituted by or under any Central or 
State Act which, in the opinion of the Board, shall be relevant to any investigation or 
inquiry by the Board in respect of any transaction in securities;] 
  18[(ib) calling for information from , or furnishing information to, other authorities, whether 
in India or outside India, having functions similar to those of the Board, in the matters 
relating to the prevention or detection of violations in respect of securities laws, subject 
to the provisions of other laws for the time being in force in this regard: 
                       Provided that the Board, for the purpose of furnishing any information to any 
authority outside India, may enter into an arrangement or agreement or understanding 
with such authority with the prior approval of the Central Government;] 
 (j) performing such functions and exercising such powers under the provisions of 19[* * *] 
the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (42 of 1956), as may be delegated to it by 
the Central Government; 
 (k) levying fees or other charges for carrying out the purposes of this section; 
 (l) conducting research for the above purposes; 
20[(la) calling from or furnishing to any such agencies, as may be specified by the Board, such 
information as may be considered necessary by it for the efficient discharge of its 
functions;] 
(m) performing such other functions as may be prescribed. 
21[(2A) Without prejudice to the provisions contained in sub -section (2), the Board may take 
measures to undertake in spection of any book, or register, or other document or record of any 
listed public company or a public company (not being intermediaries referred to in section 12) 
which intends to get its securities listed on any recognised stock exchange where the Board  has 
reasonable grounds to believe that such company has been indulging in insider trading or 
fraudulent and unfair trade practices relating to securities market.] 
22[(3) Notwithstanding anything contained in any other law for the time being in force while 
exercising the powers under 23[clause (i) or clause (ia) of sub-section (2) or sub- section (2A)], the 
Board shall have the same powers as are vested in a civil court under the Code of Civil 
Procedure, 1908 (5 of 1908), while trying a suit, in respect of the following matters, namely :— 
 (i) the discovery and production of books of account and other documents, at such place 
and such time as may be specified by the Board; 
 (ii) summoning and enforcing the attendance of persons and examining them on oath; 
 (iii) inspection of any books, registers and other documents of any person referred to in 
section 12, at any place;] 
                                                 
17 Substituted for ―calling for information and record from any bank or any other authority or board or 
corporation established or constituted by or under any Central, State or Provincia l Act in respect of any 
transaction in securities which is under investigati on or inquiry by the Board‖ by t he Securities Laws 
(Amendment) Act, 2014 , w.r.e.f. 18-07-2013. Earlier , s ection 11(2)(ia) was i nserted by the SEBI 
(Amendment) Act, 2002 w.e.f. 29-10-2002. 
18 Inserted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.r.e.f. 06-03-1998. 
19 The words ―the Capital Issues (Control) Act, 1947 (29 of 1947) and‖ omitted by the Securities Laws 
(Amendment) Act 1995, w.e.f. 25-1-1995. 
20 Inserted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act 1995, w.e.f. 25-1-1995.  
21 Inserted by the the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002 w.e.f. 29-10-2002. 
22 Inserted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act 1995, w.e.f. 25-1-1995. 
23 Substituted for ―clause (i) of sub-section (2)‖ by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002 w.e.f. 29-10-2002. 
10 
 
24[(iv) inspection of any book, or register, or other document or record of the company 
referred to in sub-section (2A); 
 (v) issuing commissions for the examination of witnesses or documents.] 
 
25[(4) Without prejudice to the provisions contained in sub -sections (1), (2), (2A) and (3) and 
section 11B, the Board may, by an order, for reasons to be recorded in writing, in the interests of 
investors or securities market, take any of the following measures, either pending investigation 
or inquiry or on completion of such investigation or inquiry, namely:— 
 (a) suspend the trading of any security in a recognised stock exchange; 
 (b) restrain persons from accessing the securities market and prohibit any person associated 
with securities market to buy, sell or deal in securities; 
 (c) suspend any office -bearer of any stock exchange or self -regulatory organisation from 
holding such position; 
 (d) impound and retain the proceeds or securities in respect of any transaction which is 
under investigation; 
 (e) attach, after passing of an order on an application made for approval by the Judicial 
Magistrate of the first class having jurisdiction, for a period not  exceeding one month, 
one or more bank account or accounts of any intermediary or any person associated 
with the securities market in any manner involved in violation of any of the provisions 
of this Act, or the rules or the regulations made thereunder : 
  Provided that only the bank account or accounts or any transaction entered therein, so 
far as it relates to the proceeds actually involved in violation of any of the provisions of 
this Act, or the rules or the regulations made thereunder shall be allowed to be attached; 
 (f) direct any intermediary or any person associated with the securities market in any 
manner not to dispose of or alienate an asset forming part of any transaction which is 
under investigation : 
Provided that the Board may, without prejudice to the provisions contained in sub-section (2) or 
sub-section (2A), take any of the measures specified in clause ( d) or clause ( e) or clause ( f), in 
respect of any listed public company or a public company (not being intermediaries referred to 
in section 12) which intends to get its securities listed on any recognised stock exchange where 
the Board has reasonable grounds to believe that such company has been indulging in insider 
trading or fraudulent and unfair trade practices relating to securities market : 
Provided further  that the Board shall, either before or after passing such orders, give an 
opportunity of hearing to such intermediaries or persons concerned.] 
 
26[(5) The amount disgorged, pursuant to a direction issued, under section 11B of this A ct or 
section 12A of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 or section 19 of the Depositories 
Act, 1996, as the case may be, shall be credited to the Investor Protection and Education Fund 
established by the Board and such amount shall be utilised  by the Board in accordance with the 
regulations made under this Act.] 
 
                                                 
24 Inserted by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002 w.e.f. 29-10-2002. 
25 Inserted by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002 w.e.f. 29-10-2002. 
26 Inserted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014 w.r.e.f. 18-07-2013.  
11 
 
27[Board to regulate or prohibit issue of prospectus, offer document or advertisement 
soliciting money for issue of securities. 
11A. (1) Without prejudice to the provisions of the Compa nies Act, 1956 (1 of 1956), the Board 
may, for the protection of investors,— 
 (a) specify, by regulations— 
 (i) the matters relating to issue of capital, transfer of securities and other matters 
incidental thereto; and 
 (ii) the manner in which such matters shall be disclosed by the companies; 
 (b) by general or special orders— 
 (i) prohibit any company from issuing prospectus, any offer document, or 
advertisement soliciting money from the public for the issue of securities; 
 (ii) specify the conditions sub ject to which the prospectus, such offer document or 
advertisement, if not prohibited, may be issued. 
(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of section 21 of the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 
1956 (42 of 1956), the Board may specify the requireme nts for listing and transfer of securities 
and other matters incidental thereto.] 
 
28[Collective investment scheme. 
11AA. (1) Any scheme or arrangement which satisfies the conditions referred to in sub -section 
(2) 29[or sub-section (2A)] shall be a collective investment scheme: 
      30[Provided that any pooling of funds under any scheme or arrangement, which 
is not registered with the Board or is not covered under sub -section (3), involving a corpus 
amount of one hundred crore rupees or more shall be deemed t o be a collective investment 
scheme.] 
(2) Any scheme or arrangement made or offered by any 31[person] under which,— 
 (i) the contributions, or payments made by the investors, by whatever name called, are 
pooled and utilized for the purposes of the scheme or arrangement; 
 (ii) the contributions or payments are made to such scheme or arrangement by the investors 
with a view to receive profits, income, produce or property, whether movable or 
immovable, from such scheme or arrangement; 
 (iii) the property, contr ibution or investment forming part of scheme or arrangement, 
whether identifiable or not, is managed on behalf of the investors; 
 (iv) the investors do not have day -to-day control over the management and operation of the 
scheme or arrangement. 
                                                 
27 Substituted by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002 , w.e.f. 29 -10-2002. Earlier section 11A was inserted by  
the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act , 1995, w.e.f. 25-1-1995. Prior to its substitution, section 11A read as 
under:- 
―11A. Matters to be disclosed by the companies. - Without Prejudice to the Provisions of the Companies  
Act , 1956 (1 of 1956), the board may , for the protection of investors, specify, by regulations, - 
(a) the matters relating to issue of capital, transfer of securities and other matters incidental  
 thereto; and 
(b) the manner in which such matters, 
shall be disclosed by the companies.‖ 
28Inserted by the SEBI (Amendment) Act 1999, w.e.f. 22-2-2000. 
29Inserted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.r.e.f. 18-07-2013. 
30 Inserted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.r.e.f. 18-07-2013.  
31 Substituted for ―company‖ by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.r.e.f. 18-07-2013.  
12 
 
 
32[(2A)] Any scheme or arrangement made or offered by any person satisfying the conditions as 
may be specified in accordance with the regulations made under this Act.] 
 
(3) Notwithstanding anything contained in sub-section (2) 33[or sub-section (2A)], any scheme or 
arrangement— 
 
 (i) made or offered by a co -operative society registered under the Co -operative Societies 
Act, 1912 (2 of 1912) or a society being a society registered or deemed to be registered 
under any law relating to co-operative societies for the time being in force in any State; 
 (ii) under which deposits are accepted by non -banking financial companies as defined in 
clause (f) of section 45-I of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 (2 of 1934); 
 (iii) being a contract of insurance to which the Insurance Act, 1938 (4 of 1938), applies; 
 (iv) providing for any Scheme, Pension Scheme or the Insurance Scheme framed under the 
Employees Provident Fund and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 (19 of 1952); 
 (v) under which deposits are accepted under section 58A of the Companies Act, 1956 (1 of 
1956); 
 (vi) under which deposits are accepted by a company declared as a Nidhi or a mutual 
benefit society under section 620A of the Companies Act, 1956 (1 of 1956); 
(vii) falling within the meaning of Chit business as defin ed in clause ( d) of section 2 of the 
Chit Fund Act, 1982 (40 of 1982); 
(viii) under which contributions made are in the nature of subscription to a mutual fund; 
34[(ix) such other scheme or arrangement which the Central Government may, in consultation 
with the Board, notify,] 
shall not be a collective investment scheme.] 
 
35[Power to issue directions. 
11B. Save as otherwise provided in section 11, if after making or causing to be made an enquiry, 
the Board is satisfied that it is necessary,— 
 (i) in the interest of investors, or orderly development of securities market; or 
 (ii) to prevent the affairs of any intermediary or other persons referred to in section 12 being 
conducted in a manner detrimental to the interest of investors or securities market; or 
 (iii) to secure the proper management of any such intermediary or person,  
  it may issue such directions,— 
 (a) to any person or class of persons referred to in section 12, or associated with the 
securities market; or 
 (b) to any company in respect of matte rs specified in section 11A, as may be appropriate in 
the interests of investors in securities and the securities market.] 
  
 36[Explanation.—For the removal of doubts, it is hereby declared that the power to issue 
directions under this section shall includ e and always be deemed to have been included the 
                                                 
32 Inserted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.r.e.f. 18-07-2013. 
33 Inserted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.r.e.f. 18-07-2013. 
34 Inserted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.r.e.f. 18-07-2013.                   
35 Inserted by Securities Laws (Amendment) Act 1995, w.e.f. 25 -1-1995. 
36 Inserted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.r.e.f. 18-07-2013. 
13 
 
power to direct any person, who made profit or averted loss by indulging in any transaction or 
activity in contravention of the provisions of this Act or regulations made thereunder, to 
disgorge an amount eq uivalent to the wrongful gain made or loss averted by such 
contravention.] 
 
37[Investigation. 
11C. (1) Where the Board has reasonable ground to believe that— 
 (a) the transactions in securities are being dealt with in a manner detrimental to the 
investors or the securities market; or 
 (b) any intermediary or any person associated with the securities market has violated any of 
the provisions of this Act or the rules or the regulations made or directions issued by the 
Board thereunder, 
it may, at any time by order in writing, direct any person (hereafter in this section referred to as 
the Investigating Authority) specified in the order to investigate the affairs of such intermediary 
or persons associated with the securities market and to report thereon to the Board. 
(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of sections 235 to 241 of the Companies Act, 1956 (1 of 
1956), it shall be the duty of every manager, managing director, officer and other employee of 
the company and every intermediary referred to in section 1 2 or every person associated with 
the securities market to preserve and to produce to the Investigating Authority or any person 
authorised by it in this behalf, all the books, registers, other documents and record of, or 
relating to, the company or, as the  case may be, of or relating to, the intermediary or such 
person, which are in their custody or power. 
(3) The Investigating Authority may require any intermediary or any person associated with 
securities market in any manner to furnish such information to , or produce such books, or 
registers, or other documents, or record before him or any person authorised by it in this behalf 
as it may consider necessary if the furnishing of such information or the production of such 
books, or registers, or other documents, or record is relevant or necessary for the purposes of its 
investigation. 
(4) The Investigating Authority may keep in its custody any books, registers, other documents 
and record produced under sub-section (2) or sub-section (3) for six months and thereafter shall 
return the same to any intermediary or any person associated with securities market by whom 
or on whose behalf the books, registers, other documents and record are produced : 
Provided that the Investigating Authority may call for any book, reg ister, other document and 
record if they are needed again : 
Provided further that if the person on whose behalf the books, registers, other documents and 
record are produced requires certified copies of the books, registers, other documents and 
record produced before the Investigating Authority, it shall give certified copies of such books, 
registers, other documents and record to such person or on whose behalf the books, registers, 
other documents and record were produced. 
(5) Any person, directed to make an investigation under sub -section (1), may examine on oath, 
any manager, managing director, officer and other employee of any intermediary or any person 
associated with securities market in any manner, in relation to the affairs of his business and 
may administer an oath accordingly and for that purpose may require any of those persons to 
appear before it personally. 
(6) If any person fails without reasonable cause or refuses— 
                                                 
37 Inserted by SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29-10-2002. 
14 
 
 (a) to produce to the Investigating Authority or any person authorised by it in  this behalf 
any book, register, other document and record which is his duty under sub-section (2) or 
sub-section (3) to produce; or 
 (b) to furnish any information which is his duty under sub-section (3) to furnish; or 
 (c) to appear before the Investigat ing Authority personally when required to do so under 
sub-section (5) or to answer any question which is put to him by the Investigating 
Authority in pursuance of that sub-section; or 
 (d) to sign the notes of any examination referred to in sub-section (7), 
he shall be punishable with imprisonment for a term which may extend to one year, or with 
fine, which may extend to one crore rupees, or with both, and also with a further fine which 
may extend to five lakh rupees for every day after the first during whi ch the failure or refusal 
continues. 
(7) Notes of any examination under sub -section (5) shall be taken down in writing and shall be 
read over to, or by, and signed by, the person examined, and may thereafter be used in evidence 
against him. 
(8) Where in th e course of investigation, the Investigating Authority has reasonable ground to 
believe that the books, registers, other documents and record of, or relating to, any intermediary 
or any person associated with securities market in any manner, may be destroy ed, mutilated, 
altered, falsified or secreted, the Investigating Authority may make an application to 38[the 
Magistrate or Judge of such designated court in Mumbai, as may be notified by the Central 
Government] for an order for the seizure of such books, registers, other documents and record. 
 39[(8A) The authorised officer may requisition the services of any police officer or any office r of 
the Central Government, or of both, to assist him for all or any of the purposes specified in sub -
section (8) and it shall be the duty of every such officer to comply with such requisition.] 
(9) After considering the application and hearing the Investigating Authority, if necessary, 40[the 
Magistrate or Judge of the Designated Court]  may, by order, authorise the Investigati ng 
Authority – 
(a) to enter, with such assistance, as may be required, the place or places where such books, 
registers, other documents and record are kept; 
(b) to search that place or those places in the manner specified in the order; and  
(c ) to seize b ooks, registers, other documents and record, it considers necessary for the 
purposes of the investigation: 
Provided that 41[the Magistrate or Judge of the Designated Court]  shall not authorise seizure of 
books, registers, other documents and record, of any listed public company or a public company 
(not being the intermediaries specified under section 12) which intends to get its securities listed 
on any recognised stock exchange unless such company indulges in insider trading or market 
manipulation. 
(10) The Investigating Authority shall keep in its custody the books, registers, other documents 
and record seized under this section for such period not later than the conclusion of the 
investigation as it considers necessary and thereafter shall return the same to the company or the 
other body corporate, or, as the case may be, to the managing director or the manager or any 
other person, from whose custody or power they were seized and inform 42[the Magistrate or 
Judge of the Designated Court] of such return: 
                                                 
38Inserted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.r.e.f. 18-07-2013. 
39Inserted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.r.e.f. 28-03-2014. 
40Inserted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.r.e.f. 18-07-2013. 
41Inserted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014 , w.r.e.f. 18-07-2013. 
42Inserted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.r.e.f. 18-07-2013. 
15 
 
Provided that the Investigating Authority may, before returning such books, registers, other 
documents and record as aforesaid, place identification marks on them or any part thereof.  
(11) Save as otherwise provided in this section, every search or seizure made under this section 
shall be carried out in accordance with the provisions of the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973 
(2 of 1974) relating to searches or seizures made under that Code. 
 
Cease and desist proceedings. 
11D. If the Board finds, after causing an  inquiry to be made, that any person has violated, or is 
likely to violate, any provisions of this Act, or any rules or regulations made thereunder, it may 
pass an order requiring such person to cease and desist from commi tting or causing such 
violation: 
Provided that the Board shall not pass such order in respect of any listed public company or a 
public company (other than the intermediaries specified under section 12) which intends to get 
its securities listed on any recognised stock exchange unless the B oard has reasonable grounds 
to believe that such company has indulged in insider trading or market manipulation.] 
 
CHAPTER V 
REGISTRATION CERTIFICATE 
Registration of stock brokers, sub-brokers, share transfer agents, etc. 
12. (1) No stock broker, sub -broker, share transfer agent, banker to an issue, trustee of trust 
deed, registrar to an issue, merchant banker, underwriter, portfolio manager, investment 
adviser and such other intermediary who may be associated with securities market shall buy, 
sell or deal in securities except under, and in accordance with, the conditions of a certificate of 
registration obtained from the Board in accordance with the 43[regulations] made  under this 
Act: 
Provided that a person buying or selling securities or otherwise dealing with the securities 
market as a stock broker, sub -broker, share transfer agent, banker to an issue, trustee of trust 
deed, registrar to an issue, merchant banker, underwriter, portfolio manager, investment 
adviser and such other intermediary who may be associated with securities market immediately 
before the establishment of the Board for which no registration certificate was necessary prior to 
such establishment, may continue to do so for a period of three months from such establishment 
or, if he has made an application for such registration within the said period of three months, 
till the disposal of such application: 
44[Provided further  that any certificate of registration, obtained immediately before the 
commencement of the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act , 1995, shall be deemed to have been 
obtained from the Board in accordance with the regulations providing for such registration. 
(1A) No depository, 45[participant,] custodian of securities, foreign institutional investor, credit 
rating agency, or any other intermediary associated with the securities market as the Board may 
by notification in this behalf specify, shall buy or sell or deal in securities except under and in 
accordance with the conditions of a certificate of registration obtained from the Board  in 
accordance with the regulations made under this Act: 
                                                 
43 Substituted for ―rules‖ by Securities Law (Amendment) Act, 1995, w.e.f. 25-1-1995. 
44 Inserted by Securities Laws (Amendment) Act 1995, w.e.f. 25 -1-1995.  
45 Inserted by the Depositories Act, 1996, w.r.e.f. 20-09-1995. 
16 
 
Provided that a person buying or selling securities or otherwise dealing with the securities 
market as a depository, 46[participant,] custodian of securities, foreign institutional investor or 
credit rating agency immediately before the commencement of the Securities Laws 
(Amendment) Act, 1995, for which no certificate of registration was required prior to such 
commencement, may continue to buy or sell securities or otherwise deal with the securities 
market until such time regulations are made under clause (d) of sub-section (2) of section 30. 
(1B) No person shall sponsor or cause to be sponsored or carry on or caused to be carried on 
any venture capital funds or collective investment schemes including mutual funds, unless he 
obtains a certificate of registration from the Board in accordance with the regulations: 
Provided that any person sponsoring or causing to be sponsored, carrying or causing to be 
carried on any venture capital funds or collective investment schemes operating in the securities 
market immediately before the commencement of the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 1995, 
for which no certificate of registration was required prior to such commencement, may continue 
to operate till such time regulations are made under clause (d) of sub-section (2) of section 30.] 
47[Explanation- For the removal of doubts, it is hereby declared that, for purposes of this section, 
a collective investment scheme or mutual fund shall not  include any unit linked insu rance 
policy or scrips or any such instrument or unit, by whatever name called, which provides a 
component of investment besides the component of insurance issued by an insurer.] 
(2) Every application for registration shall be in such manner and on payment  of such fees as 
may be determined by regulations. 
(3) The Board may, by order, suspend or cancel a certificate of registration in such manner as 
may be determined by regulations: 
Provided that no order under this sub -section shall be made unless the perso n concerned has 
been given a reasonable opportunity of being heard. 
 
 
                                                 
46 Inserted by the Depositories Act, 1996, w.r.e.f. 20-09-1995.  
47 Inserted by the Securities and Insurance Laws (Amendment and Validation) Act, 2010, w.r.e.f 9 -4-2010. 
Chapter VI of the Securities and Insurance Laws (Amendment and Validation) Act, 2010,  reads as under:  
CHAPTER VI 
MISCELLANEOUS 
6. Validation- Notwithstanding anything contained in any judgment, decree or order of any court, tribunal or other 
authority, the provisions of section 2 of the Insurance Act, 1938 (4 of 1938) or section 2 of the Securities Contracts 
(Regulation) Act, 1956 (42 of 1956) or section 12 of the  Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (15 of 
1992), as amended by this Act, shall have and shall be deemed to always have effect for all purposes as if the 
provisions of the said Acts, as amended by this Act, had been in force at all material t imes and accordingly any unit 
linked insurance policy or scrips or any such instrument or unit, by whatever name called, issued or purported to 
have been issued at any time before the 9th day of April, 2010, shall be deemed and always deemed to have been 
validly issued and shall not be called in question in any court of law or other authority solely on the ground that it 
was issued without a certificate of registration under any law for the time being in force or without following any 
procedure under any law for the time being in force, by an insurer or any other person.     
 7. Repeal and savings  - (1) The Securities and Insurance Laws (Amendment and Validation) Ordinance, 2010 
(Ord. 3 of 2010) is hereby repealed. 
(2) Notwithstanding such repeal, anything done or any action taken under the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 (2 of 
1934) or the Insurance Act, 1938 (4 of 1938) or the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (42 of 1956) or the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (15 of 1992), as am ended by the said Ordinance, shall be deemed 
to have been done or taken under the corresponding provisions of those Acts, as amended by this Act.   
17 
 
48[CHAPTER VA 
PROHIBITION OF MANIPULATIVE AND DECEPTIVE DEVICES, INSIDER TRADING 
AND SUBSTANTIAL ACQUISITION OF SECURITIES OR CONTROL 
Prohibition of manipulative and deceptive devices, in sider trading and substantial 
acquisition of securities or control. 
12A. No person shall directly or indirectly— 
 (a) use or employ, in connection with the issue, purchase or sale of any securities listed or 
proposed to be listed on a recognized stock exch ange, any manipulative or deceptive 
device or contrivance in contravention of the provisions of this Act or the rules or the 
regulations made thereunder; 
 (b) employ any device, scheme or artifice to defraud in connection with issue or dealing in 
securities which are listed or proposed to be listed on a recognised stock exchange; 
 (c) engage in any act, practice, course of business which operates or would operate as fraud 
or deceit upon any person, in connection with the issue, dealing in securities which a re 
listed or proposed to be listed on a recognised stock exchange, in contravention of the 
provisions of this Act or the rules or the regulations made thereunder; 
 (d) engage in insider trading; 
 (e) deal in securities while in possession of material or no n-public information or 
communicate such material or non -public information to any other person, in a manner 
which is in contravention of the provisions of this Act or the rules or the regulations 
made thereunder; 
 (f) acquire control of any company or sec urities more than the percentage of equity share 
capital of a company whose securities are listed or proposed to be listed on a recognised 
stock exchange in contravention of the regulations made under this Act.] 
 
CHAPTER VI 
FINANCE, ACCOUNTS AND AUDIT 
Grants by the Central Government. 
13. The Central Government may, after due appropriation made by Parliament by law in this 
behalf, make to the Board grants of such sums of money as that Government may think fit for 
being utilized for the purposes of this Act. 
 
Fund. 
14. (1) There shall be constituted a Fund to be called the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
General Fund and there shall be credited thereto— 
 (a) all grants, fees and charges received by the Board under this Act; 
  49 [* * *] 
 (aa) 50[* * *] 
                                                 
48 Chapter VA inserted by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29 -10-2002. 
49 The word ―and‖ omitted by Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 1995, w.e.f. 25-1-1995. 
50 Clause (aa) omitted by the SEBI (Amendment ) Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29 -10-2002. It was inserted by Securities 
Laws (Amendment) Act, 1995, w.e.f. 25-1-1995. Prior to its omission, clause (aa) reads as under:- 
―(aa) all sums realized by way of Penalties under this Act; and‖. 
18 
 
 (b)  all sums received by the Board from such other sources as may be decided upon by the 
Central Government. 
(2) The Fund shall be applied for meeting— 
 (a) the salaries, allowances and other remuneration of the members, officers and other 
employees of the Board; 
 (b) the expenses of the Board in the discharge of its functions under section 11; 
 (c) the expenses on objects and for purposes authorised by this Act. 
 
Accounts and audit. 
15. (1) The Board shall maintain proper accounts and other relevant recor ds and prepare an 
annual statement of accounts in such form as may be prescribed by the Central Government in 
consultation with the Comptroller and Auditor-General of India. 
(2) The accounts of the Board shall be audited by the Comptroller and Auditor -General of India 
at such intervals as may be specified by him and any expenditure incurred in connection with 
such audit shall be payable by the Board to the Comptroller and Auditor-General of India. 
(3) The Comptroller and Auditor -General of India and any oth er person appointed by him in 
connection with the audit of the accounts of the Board shall have the same rights and privileges 
and authority in connection with such audit as the Comptroller and Auditor -General generally 
has in connection with the audit of the Government accounts and, in particular, shall have the 
right to demand the production of books, accounts, connected vouchers and other documents 
and papers and to inspect any of the offices of the Board. 
(4) The accounts of the Board as certified by th e Comptroller and Auditor -General of India or 
any other person appointed by him in this behalf together with the audit report thereon shall be 
forwarded annually to the Central Government and that Government shall cause the same to be 
laid before each House of Parliament. 
 
51[CHAPTER VIA 
PENALTIES AND ADJUDICATION 
Penalty for failure to furnish information, return, etc. 
15A. If any person, who is required under this Act or any rules or regulations made 
thereunder,— 
(a) to furnish any document, return or report to the Board, fails to furnish the same, he shall 
be liable to 52[a penalty 53[which shall not be less than one lakh rupees but which may 
extend to one lakh rupees for each day during which such failure continues subject to a 
maximum of one crore rupees]]; 
 (b) to file any return or furnish any information, books or other documents within the time 
specified therefor in the regulations, fails to file return or furnish the same within the 
                                                 
51 Chapters VI A and VI B containing sections  15A to 15J and 15K to 15Z respectively, inserted by 
Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 1995  w.e.f. 25-1-1995. 
52 Substituted for ―a penalty not exc eeding one lakh and fifty thousand rupees for each such failure‖ by 
the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29-10-2002. 
53Substituted for the words  ―of one lakh rupees for each day during which such failure continues or one 
crore rupees, whichever is less‖ by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.e.f. 08-09-2014. 
19 
 
time specified therefor in the regulations, he shall be liable to  54[a penalty 55[which shall 
not be less than one lakh rupees but which may extend to one lakh rupees for each day 
during which such failure continues subject to a maximum of one crore rupees]]; 
 (c) to maintain books of account or records, fails to maintain the same, he shall be liable to 
56[a penalty 57[which shall not be less than one lakh rupees but which may extend to one 
lakh rupees for each day during which such failure continues subject to a maximum of 
one crore rupees]]. 
 
Penalty for failure by any person to enter into agreement with clients. 
15B. If any person, who is registered as an intermediary and is required under this Act or any 
rules or regulations made thereunder to enter into an agreement with his client, fails to enter 
into such agreement, he shal l be liable to 58[a penalty 59[which shall not be less than one lakh 
rupees but which may extend to one lakh rupees for each day during which such failure 
continues subject to a maximum of one crore rupees]]. 
 
60[Penalty for failure to redress investors’ grievances. 
15C. If any listed company or any person who is registered as an intermediary, after having 
been called upon by the Board in writing, to redress the grievances of investors, fails to redress 
such grievances within the time specified by the Board, s uch company or intermediary shall be 
liable to a penalty 61[which shall not be less than one lakh rupees but which may extend to one 
lakh rupees for each day during which such failure continues subject to a maximum of one 
crore rupees]. 
 
Penalty for certain defaults in case of mutual funds. 
15D. If any person, who is— 
 (a) required under this Act or any rules or regulations made thereunder to obtain a 
certificate of registration from the Board for sponsoring or carrying on any collective 
investment scheme, i ncluding mutual funds, sponsors or carries on any collective 
investment scheme, including mutual funds, without obtaining such certificate of 
                                                 
54 Substituted for ―a penalty not exceeding five thousand rupees for every day during which such failure 
continues‖, by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29 -10-2002. 
55Substituted for the words  ―of one lakh rupees for each day during which such failure continues or one 
crore rupees, whichever is less‖ by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.e.f. 08-09-2014. 
56 Substituted for ―a penalty not exceeding ten thousand rupees for every da y during which the failure 
continues‖, by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29 -10-2002. 
57Substituted for the words  ―of one lakh rupees for each day during which such failure continues or one 
crore rupees, whichever is less‖ by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.e.f. 08-09-2014. 
58 Substituted for ―a penalty not exceeding five lakh  rupees for every such failure‖, by the SEBI 
(Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29-10-2002. 
59Substituted for the words  ―of one lakh rupees for each day during which such  failure continues or one 
crore rupees, whichever is less‖ by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.e.f. 08-09-2014. 
60 Substituted for ―If any person, who is registered as an intermediary, after having been called upon by 
the Board in writing to red ress the grievances of investors, fails to redress such grievances, he shall be 
liable to a penalty not exceeding ten thousand rupees for each such failure‖ , by the SEBI (Amendment) 
Act , 2002, w.e.f. 29-10-2002. 
61Substituted for the words  ―of one lakh rupees for each day during which such failure continues or one 
crore rupees, whichever is less‖ by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.e.f. 08-09-2014. 
20 
 
registration, he shall be liable to 62[a penalty 63[which shall not be less than one lakh 
rupees but which may extend to one lakh rupees for each day during which he sponsors 
or carries on any such collective investment scheme including mutual funds subject to a 
maximum of one crore rupees]]; 
(b) registered with the Board as a collective investment scheme, including mut ual 
funds, for sponsoring or carrying on any investment scheme, fails to comply with the 
terms and conditions of certificate of registration, he shall be liable to 64[a penalty 
65[which shall not be less than one lakh rupees but which may extend to one lakh rupees 
for each day during which such failure continues subject to a maximum of one crore 
rupees]]; 
 (c) registered with the Board as a collective investment scheme, including mutual funds, 
fails to make an application for listing of its schemes as provide d for in the regulations 
governing such listing, he shall be liable to 66[a penalty 67[which shall not be less than 
one lakh rupees but which may extend to one lakh rupees for each day during which 
such failure continues subject to a maximum of one crore rupees]]; 
 (d) registered as a collective investment scheme, including mutual funds, fails to despatch 
unit certificates of any scheme in the manner provided in the regulation governing such 
despatch, he shall be liable to 68[a penalty 69[which shall not be less than one lakh rupees 
but which may extend to one lakh rupees for each day during which such failure 
continues subject to a maximum of one crore rupees]]; 
 (e) registered as a collective investment scheme, including mutual funds, fails to refund the 
application monies paid by the investors within the period specified in the regulations, 
he shall be liable to 70[a penalty 71[which shall not be less than one lakh rupees but which 
may extend to one lakh rupees for each day during which such failure continues su bject 
to a maximum of one crore rupees]]; 
                                                 
62 Substituted for ―a penalty not exceeding ten thousand rupees for each day during which he carri es on 
any such collective investment scheme including mutual funds, or ten lakh rupees whichever is higher.‖  
by the SEBI (Amendment) Act , 2002, w.e.f. 29-10-2002.  
63Substituted for the words  ―of one lakh rupees for each day during which the sponsors or carries on any 
collective investment scheme including mutual funds, or one crore rupees, whichever is less ‖ by the 
Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.e.f. 08-09-2014. 
64 Substituted for ―a penalty not exceeding ten thousand rupees for each day during w hich such failure 
continues or ten lakh rupees, whichever is higher‖ by the SEBI (Amendment) Act , 2002, w.e.f. 29 -10-2002. 
65Substituted for the words  ―of one lakh rupees for each day during which such failure continues or one 
crore rupees, whichever is less‖ by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.e.f. 08-09-2014. 
66 Substituted for ―a penalty not exceeding five thousand rupees for each day during which such failure 
continues or five lakh rupees, whichever is higher‖ by the SEBI (Amendment)  Act , 2 002, w.e.f. 29 -10-
2002. 
67Substituted for the words  ―of one lakh rupees for each day during which such failure continues or one 
crore rupees, whichever is less‖ by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.e.f. 08-09-2014. 
68 Substituted for ―a penalty n ot exceeding five thousand rupees for each day during which such failure 
continues‖ by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29-10-2002. 
69Substituted for the words  ―of one lakh rupees for each day during which such failure continues or one 
crore rupees, whichever is less‖ by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.e.f. 08-09-2014. 
70 Substituted for ―a penalty not exceeding one thousand rupees for each day during which such failure 
continues‖ by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29 -10-2002. 
71Substituted for the words  ―of one lakh rupees for each day during which such failure continues or one 
crore rupees, whichever is less‖ by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.e.f. 08-09-2014. 
21 
 
 (f) registered as a collective investment scheme, including mutual funds, fails to invest 
money collected by such collective investment schemes in the manner or within the 
period specified in the regulations, he s hall be liable to 72[a penalty 73[which shall not be 
less than one lakh rupees but which may extend to one lakh rupees for each day during 
which such failure continues subject to a maximum of one crore rupees]]. 
 
Penalty for failure to observe rules and regulations by an asset management company. 
15E. Where any asset management company of a mutual fund registered under this Act, fails to 
comply with any of the regulations providing for restrictions on the activities of the asset 
management companies, such ass et management company shall be liable to 74[a penalty 
75[which shall not be less than one lakh rupees but which may extend to one lakh rupees for 
each day during which such failure continues subject to a maximum of one crore rupees]]. 
 
Penalty for default in case of stock brokers. 
15F.  If any person, who is registered as a stock broker under this Act,— 
 (a) fails to issue contract notes in the form and manner specified by the stock exchange of 
which such broker is a member, he shall be liable to 76[a penalty which shall not be less 
than one lakh rupees but which may extend to] for which the contract note was required 
to be issued by that broker; 
 (b) fails to deliver any security or fails to make payment of the amount due to the investor 
in the manner within t he period specified in the regulations, he shall be liable to 77[a 
penalty 78[which shall not be less than one lakh rupees but which may extend to one 
lakh rupees for each day during which he sponsors or carries on any such collective 
investment scheme including mutual funds subject to a maximum of one crore rupees]]; 
 (c) charges an amount of brokerage which is in excess of the brokerage specified in the 
regulations, he shall be liable to 79[a penalty 80[which shall not be less than one lakh 
rupees but which may extend to five times the amount of brokerage]]  charged in excess 
of the specified brokerage, whichever is higher. 
 
                                                 
72 Substituted for ―a penalty not exceeding five lakh rupees  for each such failure‖ , by the SEBI 
(Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29-10-2002. 
73Substituted for the words  ―of one lakh rupees for each day during which such failure continues or one 
crore rupees, whichever is less‖ by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.e.f. 08-09-2014. 
74 Substituted for ―a penalty not exceeding five lakh rupees for each such failure‖ , by the SEBI 
(Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29-10-2002. 
75Substituted for the words  ―of one lakh rupees for each day during which such failure contin ues or one 
crore rupees, whichever is less‖ by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.e.f. 08-09-2014. 
76Substituted for the words  ―a penalty not exceeding five times the amou nt‖ by the Securities Laws 
(Amendment) Act, 2014, w.e.f. 08-09-2014. 
77 Substituted for ―a penalty not exceeding five thousand rupees for each day during which such failure 
continues‖ by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29-10-2002. 
78Substituted for the words  ―of one lakh rupees for each day during which such failure continu es or one 
crore rupees, whichever is less‖ by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.e.f. 08-09-2014. 
79 Substituted for ―a penalty not exceeding five thousand rupees‖ by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002, 
w.e.f. 29-10-2002. 
80Substituted for the words  ― of one lakh rupees or five times the amount of brokerage‖ by the Securities 
Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.e.f. 08-09-2014. 
22 
 
 
Penalty for insider trading. 
15G. If any insider who,— 
 (i) either on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person, deals in securitie s of a body 
corporate listed on any stock exchange on the basis of any unpublished price -sensitive 
information; or 
 (ii) communicates any unpublished price -sensitive information to any person, with or 
without his request for such information except as requ ired in the ordinary course of 
business or under any law; or 
 (iii) counsels, or procures for any other person to deal in any securities of any body 
corporate on the basis of unpublished price-sensitive information, 
shall be liable to a penalty 81[which shall not be less than ten lakh rupees but which may extend 
to twenty-five crore rupees or three times the amount of profits made out of inside r trading, 
whichever is higher]. 
 
Penalty for non-disclosure of acquisition of shares and takeovers. 
15H. If any person, who is required under this Act or any rules or regulations made thereunder, 
fails to,— 
 (i) disclose the aggregate of his shareholding in the body corporate before he acquires any 
shares of that body corporate; or 
 (ii) make a public announcement to acquire shares at a minimum price; or 
82[(iii) make a public offer by sending letter of offer to the shareholders of the concerned 
company; or 
 (iv) make payment of consideration to the shareholders who sold their shares pursuant to 
letter of offer,] 
he sha ll be liable to a penalty 83[which shall not be less than ten lakh rupees but which may 
extend to twenty-five crore rupees or three times the amount of profits made out of such failure, 
whichever is higher]. 
 
84[Penalty for fraudulent and unfair trade practices. 
15HA. If any person indulges in fraudulent and unfair trade practices relating to securities, he 
shall be liable to a penalty 85[which shall not be less than five lakh rupees but which may extend 
                                                 
81Substituted for the words  ― twenty-five crore rupees or three times the amount of profits made out of such 
failure, whichever is hig her‖ by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014 , w.e.f. 08-09-2014. Prior to 
substitution,  as substituted  by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29-10-2002  it read as under: 
―not exceeding five lakh rupees‖. 
82 Inserted by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29-10-2002. 
83Substituted for the words  ― twenty-five crore rupees or three times the amount of profits made out of 
such failure, whichever is higher ‖ by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.e.f. 08-09-2014.Prior 
to substitution, as substituted by  the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29-10-2002  it read as under: 
―not exceeding five lakh rupees‖. 
84 Inserted by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f.29-10-2002. 
85Substituted for the words  ― twenty-five crore rupees or three times the amo unt of profits made out of 
such failure, whichever is higher‖ by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.e.f. 08-09-2014. 
23 
 
to twenty -five crore rupees or three times the amount of  profits made out of such  practices, 
whichever is higher]. 
 
Penalty for contravention where no separate penalty has been provided. 
15HB. Whoever fails to comply with any provision of this Act, the rules or the regulations 
made or directions issued by the B oard thereunder for which no separate penalty has been 
provided, shall be 86[liable to a penalty which shall not be less than one lakh rupees but which  
may extend to one crore rupees.] 
 
Power to adjudicate. 
15-I. (1) For the purpose of adjudging under secti ons 15A, 15B, 15C, 15D, 15E, 15F, 15G 87[,15H, 
15HA and 15HB], the Board shall appoint any officer not below the rank of a Division Chief to 
be an adjudicating officer for holding an inquiry in the prescribed manner after giving any 
person concerned a reaso nable opportunity of being heard for the purpose of imposing any 
penalty. 
(2) While holding an inquiry the adjudicating officer shall have power to summon and enforce 
the attendance of any person acquainted with the facts and circumstances of the case to g ive 
evidence or to produce any document which in the opinion of the adjudicating officer, may be 
useful for or relevant to the subject -matter of the inquiry and if, on such inquiry, he is satisfied 
that the person has failed to comply with the provisions o f any of the sections specified in sub -
section (1), he may impose such penalty as he thinks fit in accordance with the provisions of any 
of those sections. 
88[(3) The Board may call for and examine the record of any proceedings under this section and 
if it considers that the order passed by the adjudicating officer is erroneous to the extent it is not 
in the interests of the securities market, it may, after making or causing to be made such inquiry 
as it deems necessary, pass an order enhancing the quantum o f penalty, if the circumstances of 
the case so justify: 
Provided that no such order shall be passed unless the person concerned has been given an 
opportunity of being heard in the matter: 
Provided further that nothing contained in this sub-section shall be applicable after an expiry of 
a period of three months from the date of the order passed by the adjudicating officer or 
disposal of the appeal under section 15T, whichever is earlier.] 
 
Factors to be taken into account by the adjudicating officer. 
15J.  While adjudging quantum of penalty under section 15 -I, the adjudicating officer shall 
have due regard to the following factors, namely :— 
 (a) the amount of disproportionate gain or unfair advantage, wherever quantifiable, made 
as a result of the default; 
 (b) the amount of loss caused to an investor or group of investors as a result of the default; 
 (c) the repetitive nature of the default. 
                                                 
86Substituted for the words ― liable to a penalty which may extend to one crore rupees ‖ by the Securities 
Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.e.f. 08-09-2014. 
87 Substituted for ―and 15H‖ by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f.  29-10-2002. 
88 Inserted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.r.e.f. 28-03-2014. 
24 
 
 
89[Crediting sums realised by way of penalties to Consolidated Fund of India. 
15JA. All sums realised by way of penalties under this Act shall be credited to the Consolidated 
Fund of India.] 
 
90[Settlement of administrative and civil proceedings. 
[15JB. (1) Notwithstanding anything contained in any other law for the time being in force, any 
person, against whom any proceedings have been initiated or may be initiated under section 11, 
section 11B, section 11D, sub -section (3) of section 12 or section 15 -I, may file an application in 
writing to the Board proposing for settlement of the proceedings initiated or to be initiated  for 
the alleged defaults. 
(2) The Board may, after taking into consideration the nature, gravity and impact of defaults, 
agree to the proposal for settlement, on payment of such sum by the defaulter or on such other 
terms as may be determined by the Board  in accordance with the regulations made under this 
Act. 
(3) The settlement proceedings under this section shall be conducted in accordance with the 
procedure specified in the regulations made under this Act. 
(4) No appeal shall lie under section 15T again st any order passed by the Board or adjudicating 
officer, as the case may be, under this section.] 
 
CHAPTER VIB 
ESTABLISHMENT, JURISDICTION, AUTHORITY AND PROCEDURE OF APPELLATE 
TRIBUNAL 
 
Establishment of Securities Appellate Tribunals. 
15K. (1) The Centra l Government shall by notification, establish one or more Appellate 
Tribunals to be known as the Securities Appellate Tribunal to exercise the jurisdiction, powers 
and authority conferred on such Tribunal by or under this Act 91[or any other law for the tim e 
being in force]. 
(2) The Central Government shall also specify in the notification referred to in sub -section (1) 
the matters and places in relation to which the Securities Appellate Tribunal may exercise 
jurisdiction. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                 
89 Inserted by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002, S.19 w.e.f. 29-10-2002. 
90 Inserted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.r.e.f. 20-04-2007.  
91 Inserted by the SEBI (Amendment) Act 1999, w.e.f. 16-12-1999. 
25 
 
92[Composition of Securities Appellate Tribunal. 
15L.  A Securities Appellate Tribunal shall consist of a Presiding Officer and two other 
members, to be appointed, by notification, by the Central Government: 
Provided that the Securities Appellate Tribunal, consisting of one person onl y, established 
before the commencement of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Amendment) Act, 
2002, shall continue to exercise the jurisdiction, powers and authority conferred on it by or 
under this Act or any other law for the time being in force till two other Members are appointed 
under this section. 
 
Qualification for appointment as Presiding Officer or Member of Securities Appellate 
Tribunal. 
15M. 93[(1) A person shall not be qualified for appointment as the Presiding Officer of the 
Securities Appellate Tribunal unless he - 
(a) is a sitting or retired Judge of the Supreme Court or a sitting or retired  Chief Justice of a 
High Court; or 
(b) is a sitting or retired Judge of a High Court who has completed not less than seven years of 
service as a Judge in a High Court.  
(1A) The Presiding Officer of the Securities Appellate Tribunal shall be appointed by the Central 
Government in consultation with the Chief Justice of India or his nominee.] 
(2) A person shall not be qualified for appointment as member  of a Securities Appellate 
Tribunal unless he is a person of ability, integrity and standing who has shown capacity in 
dealing with problems relating to securities market and has qualification and experience of 
corporate law, securities laws, finance, economics or accountancy: 
Provided that a member of the Board or any person holding a post at senior management level 
equivalent to Executive Director in the Board shall not be appointed as Presiding Officer or 
Member of a Securities Appellate Tribunal during his service or tenure as such with the Board 
or within two years from the date on which he ceases to hold office as such in the Board.] 
 
                                                 
92 Substituted for Sections 15L and 15M by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29 -10-2002. 
Prior to their substitution, Section 15L and 15M read as under:- 
―15-L. Composition of securities Appellate Tribunal. – A Securities Appellate Tribunal shall consist of one 
person only (hereinafter referred to as the Presiding Officer of the Securities Appellate Tribunal) to be  
appointed, by notification, by the central Government. 
15M. Qualifications for appointment as Presiding Officer of the Securities Appellate Tribunal. – A person 
shall not be qualified for appointment as the Presiding Officer of a Securities Appellate Tribun al unless 
he - (a) is, or has been, or is qualified to be, a Judge of a High Court; or 
(b) has been a member of the Indian Legal Service and has held a post in Grade I of that service  for at 
least three years; or 
(c) has held office as the Presiding Officer of a tribunal for at least three years.‖ 
93 Substituted for sub-section (1) of Section 15M by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2013 (Act No. 22 of 2013)  
w.r.e.f. 21.01.2013. Prior to substitution, it read as under:-  
"(1) A person shall not be qualified for appo intment as the Presiding Officer of a Securities Appellate 
Tribunal unless he is a sitting or retired Judge of the Supreme Court or a sitting or retired Chief Justice of 
a High Court : 
Provided that the Presiding Officer of the Securities Appellate Tribuna l shall be appointed by the Central 
Government in consultation with the Chief Justice of India or his nominee."  
26 
 
94[Tenure of office of Presiding Officer and other Members of Securities Appellate Tribunal. 
15N. The Presiding Officer and every other Member of a Securities Appellate Tribunal shall 
hold office for a term of five years from the date on which he enters upon his office and shall  be 
eligible for re-appointment: 
Provided that no person shall hold office as the Presiding Offic er of the Securities Appellate 
Tribunal after he has attained the age of sixty-eight years: 
Provided further  that no person shall hold office as a Member of the Securities Appellate 
Tribunal after he has attained the age of sixty-two years.] 
 
Salary and allowances and other terms and conditions of service of Presiding Officers. 
15-O.  The salary and allowances payable to and the other terms and conditions of service 
including pension, gratuity and other retirement benefits of the 95[Presiding Officer and oth er 
Members] of a Securities Appellate Tribunal shall be such as may be prescribed: 
Provided that neither the salary and allowances nor the other terms and conditions of service of 
the 96[Presiding Officer and other Members of a Securities Appellate Tribunal] shall be varied to 
their disadvantage after appointment. 
 
Filling up of vacancies. 
15P. If, for reason other than temporary absence, any vacancy occurs in the 97[office of the 
Presiding Officer or any other Member] of a Securities Appellate Tribunal, then  the Central 
Government shall appoint another person in accordance with the provisions of this Act to fill 
the vacancy and the proceedings may be continued before the Securities Appellate Tribunal 
from the stage at which the vacancy is filled. 
 
Resignation and removal. 
15Q. (1) The 98[Presiding Officer or any other Member] of a Securities Appellate Tribunal may, 
by notice in writing under his hand addressed to the Central Government, resign his office: 
Provided that 99[the Presiding Officer or any other Membe r] shall, unless he is permitted by the 
Central Government to relinquish his office sooner, continue to hold office, until the expiry of 
three months from the date of receipt of such notice or until a person duly appointed as his 
successor enters upon his office or until the expiry of his term of office, whichever is the earliest. 
(2) The 100[Presiding Officer or any other Member] of a Securities Appellate Tribunal shall not be 
removed from his office except by an order by the Central Government on the ground  of 
                                                 
94 Substituted for Section 15N , by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29 -10-2002. Prior to  their 
substitution, Section 15N read as under:-  
―15N. Term of office. - The Presiding officer of a Securities Appellate Tribunal shall hold office for a term  
of five years from the date on which he enters upon his office or until he attains the age of sixty -five 
years, whichever is earlier.‖ 
95 Substituted for ―Presiding Officer of a Securities Appellate Tribunal‖ by the SEBI (Amendment) Act 
2002, w.e.f. 29-10-2002. 
96 Substituted for ―Presiding Officer‖, by the SEBI (Amendment) Act 2002, w.e.f. 29-10-2002. 
97 Substituted for ―said Presiding Officer‖, by the SEBI (Amendment) Act 2002, w.e.f. 29-10-2002. 
98 Substituted for ―Presiding Officer‖, by the SEBI (Amendment) Act 2002, w.e.f. 29-10-2002. 
99 Substituted for ―said Presiding Officer‖, by the SEBI (Amendment) Act 2002, w.e.f. 29-10-2002.  
100 Substituted for ―Presiding Officer‖, by the SEBI (Amendment) Act 2002, w.e.f. 29-10-2002. 
27 
 
proved misbehaviour or incapacity after an inquiry made by a Judge of the Supreme Court, in 
which the 101[Presiding Officer or any other Member] concerned has been informed of the 
charges against him and given a reasonable opportunity of being heard in r espect of these 
charges. 
(3) The Central Government may, by rules, regulate the procedure for the investigation of 
misbehaviour or incapacity of the 102[Presiding Officer or any other Member]. 
 
Orders constituting Appellate Tribunal to be final and not to invalidate its proceedings. 
15R. No order of the Central Government appointing any person as the 103[Presiding Officer or a 
Member] of a Securities Appellate Tribunal shall be called in question in any manner, and no 
act or proceeding before a Securities Appel late Tribunal shall be called in question in any 
manner on the ground merely of any defect in the constitution of a Securities Appellate 
Tribunal. 
 
Staff of the Securities Appellate Tribunal. 
15S.  (1) The Central Government shall provide the Securities Ap pellate Tribunal with such 
officers and employees as that Government may think fit. 
(2) The officers and employees of the Securities Appellate Tribunal shall discharge their 
functions under general superintendence of the Presiding Officer. 
(3) The salaries and allowances and other conditions of service of the officers and employees of 
the Securities Appellate Tribunal shall be such as may be prescribed. 
 
Appeal to the Securities Appellate Tribunal. 
15T. 104[(1) Save as provided in sub-section (2), any person aggrieved,— 
 (a) by an order of the Board made, on and after the commencement of the Securities Laws 
(Second Amendment) Act, 1999, under this Act, or the rules or regulations made 
thereunder; or 
 (b) by an order made by an adjudicating officer under this Act, 
may prefer an appeal to a Securities Appellate Tribunal having jurisdiction in the matter. 
105[(2) ********] 
                                                 
101 Substituted for ―Presiding Officer‖, by the SEBI (Amendment) Act 2002, w.e.f. 29-10-2002. 
102 Substituted for ―aforesaid Presiding Officer‖, by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29-10-2002. 
103 Substituted for ―Presiding Officer‖, by the SEBI (Amendment) Act 2002, w.e.f. 29-10-2002.  
104 Substituted for Sub-sec (1) & (2)  by the SEBI (Amendment) Act 1999,  w.e.f. 16-12-1999. Prior to their  
substitution, Sub-sections (1) & (2) were read as under: 
―(1) Save as provided in sub -section (2), any person aggrieved by any order made by any Adjudicating  
Officer under this Act, may prefer an appeal to a Securities Appellate Tribunal having jurisdiction in the  
matter. 
(2) No appeal shall lie to the Securities Appellate Tribunal from an order made by an Adjudicating  
Officer with the consent of the parties.‖ 
105 Omitted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 201 4, w.r.e.f. 18 -07-2013. Prior to omission, s ub-
section (2) read as under: 
―(2) No appeal shall lie to the Securities Appellate Tribunal from an order made— 
 (a) by the Board on and after the commencement of the Securities Laws (Second Amendment) Act, 
1999; 
28 
 
(3) Every appeal under sub -section (1) shall be filed within a period of forty -five days from the 
date on which a copy of the order made by the 106[Board or the Adjudicating Officer, as the case 
may be,] is received by him and it shall be in such form and be accompanied by such fee as may 
be prescribed : 
Provided that the Securities Appellate Tribunal may entertain an appeal after the expiry of the 
said period of forty -five days if it is satisfied that there was sufficient  cause for not filing it 
within that period. 
(4) On receipt of an appeal under sub -section (1), the Securities Appellate Tribunal may, after 
giving the parties to the appeal, an oppo rtunity of being heard, pass such orders thereon as it 
thinks fit, confirming, modifying or setting aside the order appealed against. 
(5) The Securities Appellate Tribunal shall send a copy of every order made by it to the 
107[Board, the] parties to the appeal and to the concerned Adjudicating Officer. 
(6) The appeal filed before the Securities Appellate Tribunal under sub -section (1) shall be dealt 
with by it as expeditiously as possible and endeavour shall be made by it to dispose of the 
appeal finally within six months from the date of receipt of the appeal. 
 
Procedure and powers of the Securities Appellate Tribunal. 
15U. (1) The Securities Appellate Tribunal shall not be bound by the procedure laid down by the 
Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (5 of 1908), but shall be guided by the principles of natural justice 
and, subject to the other provisions of this Act, and of any rules, the Securities Appellate 
Tribunal shall have powers to regulate their own procedure including the places at which they 
shall have their sittings. 
(2) The Securities Appellate Tribunal shall have, for the purposes of discharging their functions 
under this Act, the same powers as are vested in a civil court under the Code of Civil Procedure, 
1908 (5 of 1908), while trying a suit, in respect of the following matters, namely :— 
 (a) summoning and enforcing the attendance of any person and examining him on oath; 
 (b) requiring the discovery and production of documents; 
 (c) receiving evidence on affidavits; 
 (d) issuing commissions for the examination of witnesses or documents; 
 (e) reviewing its decisions; 
 (f) dismissing an application for default or deciding it ex parte ; 
 (g) setting aside any order of dismissal of any application for default or any order passed by 
it ex parte ; 
 (h) any other matter which may be prescribed. 
(3) Every proceeding before the Securities Appellate Tribunal shall be deemed to be a judicial 
proceeding within the meaning of sections 193 and 228, and for the purposes of section 196 of 
the Indian Penal Code (45 of 18 60), and the Securities Appellate Tribunal shall be deemed to be 
                                                                                                                                                             
 (b) by an adjudicating officer, 
with the consent of the parties.‖  
106 Substituted for ―a copy of the order made by the adjudicating officer‖ by SEBI (Amendment) Act 1999, 
w.e.f. 16-12-1999. 
107 Substituted for ―parties‖, SEBI (Amendment) Act 1999, w.e.f. 16-12-1999.  
 
29 
 
a civil court for all the purposes of section 195 and Chapter XXVI of the Code of Criminal 
Procedure, 1973 (2 of 1974). 
 
108[Right to legal representation. 
15V. The appellant may either appear in person or authorise one or more chartered accountants 
or company secretaries or cost accountants or legal practitioners or any of its officers to present 
his or its case before the Securities Appellate Tribunal. 
Explanation.—For the purposes of this section,— 
 (a) ―chartered accountant‖ means a chartered accountant as defined in clause ( b) of sub -
section (1) of section 2 of the Chartered Accountants Act, 1949 (38 of 1949) and who has 
obtained a certificate of practice under sub-section (1) of section 6 of that Act; 
 (b) ―company secretary‖ means a company secretary as defined in clause ( c) of sub-section 
(1) of section 2 of the Company Secretaries Act, 1980 (56 of 1980) and who has obtained a 
certificate of practice under sub-section (1) of section 6 of that Act; 
 (c) ―cost accountant‖ means a cost accountant as defined in clause ( b) of sub -section (1) of 
section 2 of the Cost and Works Accountants Act, 1959 (23 of 1959) and who has 
obtained a certificate of practice under sub-section (1) of section 6 of that Act; 
 (d) ―legal practitioner‖ means an advocate, vakil or any attorney of any High Court, and 
includes a pleader in practice.] 
 
Limitation. 
15W.  The provisions of the Limitation Act, 1963 (36 of 1963), shall, as far as may be, apply to 
an appeal made to a Securities Appellate Tribunal. 
 
109[Presiding Officer, Members and staff of Securities Appellate Tribunals to be public 
servants. 
15X. The Presiding Officer, Members and other officers and employees of a Securities Appellate 
Tribunal shall be deemed to  be public servants within the meaning of section 21 of the Indian 
Penal Code (45 of 1860).] 
 
Civil Court not to have jurisdiction. 
15Y. No civil court shall have jurisdiction to entertain any suit or proceeding in respect of any 
matter which an adjudicati ng officer appointed under this Act or a Securities Appellate 
Tribunal constituted under this Act is empowered by or under this Act to determine and no 
injunction shall be granted by any court or other authority in respect of any action taken or to be 
taken in pursuance of any power conferred by or under this Act. 
                                                 
108 Substituted for S. 15V by the SEBI (Amendment) Act 1999, w.e.f. 16 -12-1999. Prior to their substitution, 
S. 15V read as under:- 
―15V. The appellant may either appear in person or authorise one or more legal practitioners or any of its  
officers to present his or its case before the Securities Appellate Tribunal.‖  
109 Substituted for S. 15X by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29 -10-2002. Prior to its substitution, it 
read as under: - 
―15X. The Presiding Officer and other officers and employees of a Securities Appellate Tribunal shall be  
deemed to be public servants within the meaning of section 21 of the Indian penal Code( 45 of 1860)‖.  
30 
 
110[Appeal to Supreme Court. 
15Z. Any person aggrieved by any decision or order of the Securities Appellate Tribunal may 
file an appeal to the Supreme Court within sixty days from the date of commun ication of the 
decision or order of the Securities Appellate Tribunal to him on any question of law arising out 
of such order : 
Provided that the Supreme Court may, if it is satisfied that the applicant was prevented by 
sufficient cause from filing the appeal within the said period, allow it to be filed within a further 
period not exceeding sixty days.] 
 
CHAPTER VII 
MISCELLANEOUS 
 
Power of Central Government to issue directions. 
16. (1) Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of this Act 111[or the Depo sitories Act, 
1996], the Board shall, in exercise of its powers or the performance of its functions under this 
Act, be bound by such directions on questions of policy as the Central Government may give in 
writing to it from time to time : 
Provided that the Board shall, as far as practicable, be given an opportunity to express its views 
before any direction is given under this sub-section. 
(2) The decision of the Central Government whether a question is one of policy or not shall be 
final. 
 
Power of Central Government to supersede the Board. 
17. (1) If at any time the Central Government is of opinion— 
 (a) that on account of grave emergency, the Board is unable to discharge the functions and 
duties imposed on it by or under the provisions of this Act; or 
 (b) that the Board has persistently made default in complying with any direction issued by 
the Central Government under this Act or in the discharge of the functions and duties 
imposed on it by or under the provisions of this Act and as a result of such defau lt the 
financial position of the Board or the administration of the Board has deteriorated; or 
 (c) that circumstances exist which render it necessary in the public interest so to do, 
the Central Government may, by notification, supersede the Board for suc h period, not 
exceeding six months, as may be specified in the notification. 
(2) Upon the publication of a notification under sub-section (1) superseding the Board,— 
                                                 
110 Substituted for section 15Z by the SEBI (Amendment)  Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29 -10-2002. Prior to its  
substitution, it read as under:- 
―15Z. Appeal to High Court. - Any person aggrieved by any decision or o rder of the Securities Appellate  
Tribunal may file an appeal to the High Court within sixty days from the date of communication of the  
decision or order of the Securities Appellate Tribunal to him on any question of fact or law arising out of  
such order: 
Provided that the High Court may, if it is satisfied that the appellant was prevented by sufficient  cause 
from filing the appeal within the said period, allow it to be filed within a further period not  exceeding 
sixty days.‖ 
111 Substituted for ―this Act‖ by the Depositories Act 1996, w.r.e.f. 20-9-1995.  
31 
 
 (a) all the members shall, as from the date of supersession, vacate their offices as such; 
 (b) all the powers, functions and duties which may, by or under the provisions of this Act, 
be exercised or discharged by or on behalf of the Board, shall until the Board is 
reconstituted under sub -section (3), be exercised and discharged by such person  or 
persons as the Central Government may direct; and 
 (c) all property owned or controlled by the Board shall, until the Board is reconstituted 
under sub-section (3), vest in the Central Government. 
(3) On the expiration of the period of supersession spec ified in the notification issued under 
sub-section (1), the Central Government may reconstitute the Board by a fresh appointment and 
in such case any person or persons who vacated their offices under clause ( a) of sub-section (2), 
shall not be deemed disqualified for appointment : 
Provided that the Central Government may, at any time, before the expiration of the period of 
supersession, take action under this sub-section. 
(4) The Central Government shall cause a notification issued under sub -section (1) and  a full 
report of any action taken under this section and the circumstances leading to such action to be 
laid before each House of Parliament at the earliest. 
 
Returns and reports. 
18. (1) The Board shall furnish to the Central Government at such time and in such form and 
manner as may be prescribed or as the Central Government may direct, such returns and 
statements and such particulars in regard to any proposed or existing programme for the 
promotion and development of the securities market, as the Centra l Government may, from 
time to time, require. 
(2) Without prejudice to the provisions of sub-section (1), the Board shall, within 112[ninety] days 
after the end of each financial year, submit to the Central Government a report in such form, as 
may be prescri bed, giving a true and full account of its activities, policy and programmes 
during the previous financial year. 
(3) A copy of the report received under sub -section (2) shall be laid, as soon as may be after it is 
received, before each House of Parliament. 
 
Delegation. 
19. The Board may, by general or special order in writing delegate to any member, officer of the 
Board or any other person subject to such conditions, if any, as may be specified in the order, 
such of its powers and functions under this Act ( except the powers under section 29) as it may 
deem necessary. 
 
Appeals. 
20. (1) Any person aggrieved by an order of the Board made 113[, before the commencement of 
the Securities Laws (Second Amendment) Act, 1999,] under this Act, or the rules or regulations  
made thereunder may prefer an appeal to the Central Government within such time as may be 
prescribed. 
                                                 
112 Substituted for ―sixty days‖ by Securities Laws (Amendment) Act 1995, w.e.f. 25 -1-1995. 
113 Substituted for ―an order of the Board made‖ by Securities Laws (Second Amendment) Act 1999,  w.e.f. 
16-12-1999. 
32 
 
(2) No appeal shall be admitted if it is preferred after the expiry of  the period prescribed 
therefor:  
Provided that an appeal may be admitted after the  expiry of the period prescribed therefor if 
the appellant satisfies the Central Government that he had sufficient cause for not preferring the 
appeal within the prescribed period. 
(3) Every appeal made under this section shall be made in such form and sha ll be accompanied 
by a copy of the order appealed against and by such fees as may be prescribed. 
(4) The procedure for disposing of an appeal shall be such as may be prescribed: 
Provided that before disposing of an appeal, the appellant shall be given a re asonable 
opportunity of being heard. 
 
114[Bar of jurisdiction. 
20A. No order passed by the Board 115[or the Adjudicating Officer] under this Act shall be 
appealable except as provided in 116[section 15T or] section 20 and no civil court shall have 
jurisdiction i n respect of any matter which the Board 117[or the Adjudicating Officer] is 
empowered by, or under, this Act to pass any order and no injunction shall be granted by any 
court or other authority in respect of any action taken or to be taken in pursuance of an y order 
passed by the Board 118[or the Adjudicating Officer] by, or under, this Act.] 
 
Savings. 
21. Nothing in this Act shall exempt any person from any suit or other proceedings which 
might, apart from this Act, be brought against him. 
 
Members, officers and employees of the Board to be public servants. 
22. All members, officers and other employees of the Board shall be deemed, when acting or 
purporting to act in pursuance of any of the provisions of this Act, to be public servants within 
the meaning of section 21 of the Indian Penal Code (45 of 1860). 
 
Protection of action taken in good faith. 
23. No suit, prosecution or other legal proceedings shall lie against the Central Government 
119[or Board] or any officer of the Central Government or any member, officer or other employee 
of the Board for anything which is in good faith done or intended to be done under this Act or 
the rules or regulations made thereunder. 
 
 
 
                                                 
114 Inserted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act 1995, w.e.f. 25-1-1995. 
115 Substituted for ―Board‖ by the SEBI (Amendment) Act 1999, w.e.f. 16-12-1999. 
116 Substituted for ―Section 20‖, by the SEBI (Amendment) Act 1999, w.e.f. 16-12-1999. 
117 Substituted for ―Board‖, by the SEBI (Amendment) Act 1999, w.e.f. 16-12-1999. 
118 Substituted for ―Board‖, by the SEBI (Amendment) Act 1999, w.e.f. 16-12-1999.  
119 Inserted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act 1995, w.e.f. 25-1-1995. 
33 
 
120[Offences. 
24. (1) Without prejudice to any award of penalty by the adjudicating officer under this Act, if 
any person contravenes or attempts to contravene or abets the contravention of the provisions 
of this Act or of any rules or regulations made thereunder, he shall be punishable with 
imprisonment for a term which may extend to 121[ten years, or w ith fine, which may extend to 
twenty-five crore rupees or with both]. 
(2) If any person fails to pay the penalty imposed by the adjudicating officer or fails to comply 
with any of his directions or orders, he shall be punishable with imprisonment for a ter m which 
shall not be less than one month but which may extend to 122[ten years, or with fine, which may 
extend to twenty-five crore rupees or with both]. 
 
123[Composition of certain offences. 
24A. Notwithstanding anything contained in the Code of Criminal Proc edure, 1973 (2 of 1974), 
any offence punishable under this Act, not being an offence punishable with imprisonment 
only, or with imprisonment and also with fine, may either before or after the institution of any 
proceeding, be compounded by a Securities App ellate Tribunal or a court before which such 
proceedings are pending. 
 
Power to grant immunity. 
24B. (1) The Central Government may, on recommendation by the Board, if the Central 
Government is satisfied, that any person, who is alleged to have violated an y of the provisions 
of this Act or the rules or the regulations made thereunder, has made a full and true disclosure 
in respect of the alleged violation, grant to such person, subject to such conditions as it may 
think fit to impose, immunity from prosecut ion for any offence under this Act, or the rules or 
the regulations made thereunder or also from the imposition of any penalty under this Act with 
respect to the alleged violation: 
Provided that no such immunity shall be granted by the Central Government in cases where the 
proceedings for the prosecution for any such offence have been instituted before the date of 
receipt of application for grant of such immunity: 
Provided further that recommendation of the Board under this sub -section shall not be binding 
upon the Central Government. 
(2) An immunity granted to a person under sub -section (1) may, at any time, be withdrawn by 
the Central Government, if it is satisfied that such person had, in the course of the proceedings, 
not complied with the condition on w hich the immunity was granted or had given false 
                                                 
120 Substituted by for section 24 by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act 1995, w.e.f. 25 -1-1995. Prior to 
its substitution section 24 read as under:  
―24. Penalty. - Whoever contravenes or attempts to contravene or abets the contravention of the 
provisions of this Act or of any rules or regulations ma de thereunder, shall be punishable with 
imprisonment for a term which may extend to one year, or with fine, or with both.‖ 
121 Substituted for ―one year, or with fine, or with both‖ by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29 -10-
2002. 
122 Substituted for ―thr ee years or with fine which shall not be less than two thousand rupees but which 
may extend to ten thousand rupees or with both‖ by the SEBI (Amendmen t) Act, 2002 w.e.f. 29 -10-2002, 
for ―three years or with fine which shall not be less than two thousand ru pees but which may extend to 
ten thousand rupees or with both‖. 
123 Inserted by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29-10-2002. 
34 
 
evidence, and thereupon such person may be tried for the offence with respect to which the 
immunity was granted or for any other offence of which he appears to have been guilty in 
connection with the contravention and shall also become liable to the imposition of any penalty 
under this Act to which such person would have been liable, had not such immunity been 
granted.] 
 
Exemption from tax on wealth and income. 
25. Notwithstanding anything contained in the We alth-tax Act, 1957 (27 of 1957), the Income -
tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961) or any other enactment for the time being in force relating to tax on 
wealth, income, profits or gains— 
 (a) the Board; 
 (b) the existing Securities and Exchange Board from the date of its constitution to the date of 
establishment of the Board, 
shall not be liable to pay wealth -tax, income -tax or any other tax in respect of their wealth, 
income, profits or gains derived. 
 
Cognizance of offences by courts. 
26. (1) No court shall take cogn izance of any offence punishable under this Act or any rules or 
regulations made thereunder, save on a complaint made by the Board 124[* * *]. 
125[(2) *****] 
 
126[ Establishment of Special Courts. 
26A. (1) The Central Government may, for the purpose of providing  speedy trial of offences 
under this Act, by notification, establish or designate as many Special Courts as may be 
necessary. 
(2) A Special Court shall consist of a single judge who shall be appointed by the Central 
Government with the concurrence of the C hief Justice of the High Court within whose 
jurisdiction the judge to be appointed is working. 
(3) A person shall not be qualified for appointment as a judge of a Special Court unless he is, 
immediately before such appointment, holding the office of a Sess ions Judge or an Additional 
Sessions Judge, as the case may be. 
 
Offences triable by Special Courts. 
26B. Notwithstanding anything contained in the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973, all offences 
under this Act committed prior to the date of commencement of  the Securities Laws 
(Amendment) Act, 2014 or on or after the date of such commencement, shall be taken 
cognizance of and tried by the Special Court established for the area in which the offence is 
                                                 
124 The words ―with the previous sanction of the Central Government‖ omitted by Securities Laws 
(Amendment) Act 1995, w.e.f. 25-1-1995. 
125 Omitted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.r.e.f. 18-07-2013. Prior to the omission, sub-
section (2) read as under: 
―(2) No court inferior to that of a Court of Session shall try any offence punishable under this Act.‖  
126 Inserted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.r.e.f. 18-07-2013. 
35 
 
committed or where there are more Special Courts than one for such area, by such one of them 
as may be specified in this behalf by the High Court concerned. 
 
Appeal and revision. 
26C. The High Court may exercise, so far as may be applicable, all the powers conferred by 
Chapters XXIX and XXX of the Code of Crimina l Procedure, 1973 on a High Court, as if a 
Special Court within the local limits of the jurisdiction of the High Court were a Court of 
Session trying cases within the local limits of the jurisdiction of the High Court. 
 
Application of Code to proceedings before Special Court. 
26D. (1) Save as otherwise provided in this Act, the provisions of the Code of Criminal 
Procedure, 1973 shall apply to the proceedings before a Special Court and for the purposes of 
the said provisions, the Special Court shall be deeme d to be a Court of Session and the person 
conducting prosecution before a Special Court shall be deemed to be a Public Prosecutor within 
the meaning of clause (u) of section 2 of the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973. 
(2) The person conducting prosecution r eferred to in sub -section (1) should have been in 
practice as an advocate for not less than seven years or should have held a post, for a period of 
not less than seven years, under the Union or a State, requiring special knowledge of law. 
 
Transitional provisions. 
26E. Any offence committed under this Act, which is triable by a Special Court shall, until a 
Special Court is established, be taken cognizance of and tried by a Court of Session exercising 
jurisdiction over the area, notwithstanding anything cont ained in the Code of Criminal 
Procedure, 1973: 
Provided that nothing contained in this section shall affect the powers of the High Court under 
section 407 of the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973 to transfer any case or class of cases taken 
cognizance by a Court of Session under this section.] 
 
Offences by companies. 
27. (1) Where an offence under this Act has been committed by a company, every person who at 
the time the offence was committed was in charge of, and was responsible to, the company for 
the cond uct of the business of the company, as well as the company, shall be deemed to be 
guilty of the offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly: 
Provided that nothing contained in this sub -section shall render any such person l iable to any 
punishment provided in this Act, if he proves that the offence was committed without his 
knowledge or that he had exercised all due diligence to prevent the commission of such offence. 
(2) Notwithstanding anything contained in sub-section (1), where an offence under this Act has 
been committed by a company and it is proved that the offence has been committed with the 
consent or connivance of, or is attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, 
secretary or other officer of the company, such director, manager, secretary or other officer shall 
also be deemed to be guilty of the offence and shall be liable to be proceeded against and 
punished accordingly. 
Explanation : For the purposes of this section,— 
36 
 
 (a) ―company‖ means any  body corporate and includes a firm or other association of 
individuals; and 
 (b) ―director‖, in relation to a firm, means a partner in the firm. 
 
Power to exempt. 
28. 127[***] 
 
128[ Recovery of amounts. 
28A. (1) If a person fails to pay the penalty imposed by  the adjudicating officer or fails to 
comply with any direction of the Board for refund of monies or fails to comply with a direction 
of disgorgement order issued under section 11B or fails to pay any fees due to the Board, the 
Recovery Officer may draw up under his signature a statement in the specified form specifying 
the amount due from the person (such statement being hereafter in this Chapter referred to as 
certificate) and shall proceed to recover from such person the amount specified in the certifica te 
by one or more of the following modes, namely:— 
(a) attachment and sale of the person's movable property; 
(b) attachment of the person's bank accounts; 
(c) attachment and sale of the person's immovable property; 
(d) arrest of the person and his detention in prison; 
(e) appointing a receiver for the management of the person's movable and immovable 
properties, 
and for this purpose, the provisions of sections 220 to 227, 228A, 229, 232, the Second and Third 
Schedules to the Income-tax Act, 1961 and the Inco me-tax (Certificate Proceedings) Rules, 1962, 
as in force from time to time, in so far as may be, apply with necessary modifications as if the 
said provisions and the rules made thereunder were the provisions of this Act and referred to 
the amount due under this Act instead of to income-tax under the Income-tax Act, 1961. 
    Explanation 1.— For the purposes of this sub-section, the person's movable or immovable 
property or monies held in bank accounts shall include any property or monies held in bank 
accounts which has been transferred directly or indirectly on or after the date when the amount 
specified in certificate had become due, by the person to his spouse or minor child or son's wife 
or son's minor child, otherwise than for adequate consideration, and which is held by, or stands 
in the name of, any of the persons aforesaid; and so far as the movable or immovable property 
or monies held in bank accounts so transferred to his minor child or his son's minor child is 
concerned, it shall, even after the da te of attainment of majority by such minor child or son's 
minor child, as the case may be, continue to be included in the person's movable or immovable 
property or monies held in bank accounts for recovering any amount due from the person 
under this Act. 
 
                                                 
127 Omitted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 1995, w.e.f. 25 -1-1995. Prior to its omission, Section 
28 read as under: 
―28. Power to exempt- If the central government if of the opinion that  it is necessary or expedient so to do 
in public interest, it may, by order published in the Official gazette, exempt any person or class of persons 
buying or selling securities or otherwise dealing with the securities market from the  operation of sub -
section 91) of Section 12.‖ 
128 Inserted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.r.e.f. 18-07-2013. 
37 
 
    Explanation 2.— Any reference under the provisions of the Second and Third Schedules to 
the Income -tax Act, 1961 and the Income -tax (Certificate Proceedings)  Rules, 1962 to the 
assessee shall be construed as a reference to the person specified in the certificate. 
   Explanation 3.— Any reference to appeal in Chapter XVIID and the Second Schedule to the 
Income-tax Act, 1961, shall be construed as a reference to appeal before the Securities Appellate 
Tribunal under section 15T of this Act. 
(2) The Recover y Officer shall be empowered to seek the assistance of the local district 
administration while exercising the powers under sub-section (1). 
(3) Notwithstanding anything contained in any other law for the time being in force, the 
recovery of amounts by a Re covery Officer under sub -section (1), pursuant to non -compliance 
with any direction issued by the Board under section 11B, shall have precedence over any other 
claim against such person. 
(4) For the purposes of sub -sections (1), (2) and (3), the expression  ‗‗Recovery Officer‘‘ means 
any officer of the Board who may be authorised, by general or special order in writing, to 
exercise the powers of a Recovery Officer.] 
 
Power to make rules. 
29. (1) The Central Government may, by notification, make rules for car rying out the purposes 
of this Act. 
(2) In particular, and without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing power, such rules may 
provide for all or any of the following matters, namely :— 
 (a) the term of office and other conditions of service of the Chairman and the members 
under sub-section (1) of section 5; 
 (b) the additional functions that may be performed by the Board under section 11; 
 (c) 129[* * *] 
 (d) the manner in which the accounts of the Board shall be maintained under section 15; 
130[(da) the manner of inquiry under sub-section (1) of section 15-I; 
 (db) the salaries and allowances and other terms and conditions of service of the 131[Presiding 
Officers, Members] and other officers and employees of the Securities Appellate 
Tribunal under section 15-O and sub-section (3) of section 15S; 
 (dc) the procedure for the investigation of misbehaviour or incapacity of the 132[Presiding 
Officers, or other Members] of the Securities Appellate Tribunal under sub -section (3) of 
section 15Q; 
(dd) the form in which an appeal may be filed before the Securities Appellate Tribunal under 
section 15T and the fees payable in respect of such appeal;] 
 (e) the form and the manner in which returns and report to be made to the Central 
Government under section 18; 
                                                 
129 Clause (c) omitted by Securities laws (Amendment) Act 1995, w.e.f. 25 -1-1995. Prior to its omission, 
clause (c) it read as under: 
―(c) the conditions su bject to which registration certificate is to be issued under sub -section (1) of section 
12‖. 
130 Inserted by Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 1995, w.e.f. 25-1-1995. 
131 Substituted for ―Presiding Officers‖ by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29 -10-2002. 
132 Substituted for ―Presiding Officers‖, by the SEBI (Amendment) Act, 2002, w.e.f. 29-10-2002.  
38 
 
 (f) any other matter which is to be, or may be, prescribed, or in respect of which provision 
is to be, or may be, made by rules. 
 
Power to make regulations. 
30. (1) The Board may, 133[***] by notification, make regulations consistent with this Act and the 
rules made thereunder to carry out the purposes of this Act. 
(2) In particular, and without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing power, such 
regulations may provide for all or any of the following matters, namely :— 
 (a) the times and places of meetings of the Board and the procedure to be followed at such 
meetings under sub -section (1) of section 7 including quorum necessary for the 
transaction of business; 
 (b) the terms and other conditions of service of officers and employees of the Board under 
sub-section (2) of section 9; 
 134[(c) the matters relating to issue of capital, transfer of securities and other matters 
incidental thereto and the manner in which such matters shall be disclosed by the 
companies under section 11A; 
 135[(ca) the utilisation of the amount credited under sub-section (5) of section 11; 
   (cb) the fulfilment of other conditions relating to collective investment scheme under sub -
section (2A) of section 11AA;] 
   ((d) the conditions subject to which certificate of registration is to be is sued, the 
amount of fee to be paid for certificate of registration and the manner of suspension or 
cancellation of certificate of registration under section 12.] 
 136[(da) the terms determined by the Board for settlement of proceedings under sub -section 
(2) and the procedure for conducting of settlement proceedings under sub -section (3) of 
section 15JB; 
(db) any other matter which is required to be, or may be, specified by regulations or in 
respect of which provision is to be made by regulations.] 
 
Rules and regulations to be laid before Parliament. 
31. Every rule and every regulation made under this Act shall be laid, as soon as may be after it 
is made, before each House of Parliament, while it is in session, for a total period of thirty days 
which may be comprised in one session or in two or more successive sessions, and if, before the 
expiry of the session immediately following the session or the successive sessions aforesaid, 
both Houses agree in making any modification in the rule or regulation or both Hou ses agree 
that the rule or regulation should not be made, the rule or regulation shall thereafter have effect 
only in such modified form or be of no effect, as the case may be; so, however, that any such 
                                                 
133 The words ―with the previous approval of the Central Government‖ omitted by Securities Laws 
(Amendment) Act 1995 w.e.f. 25-1-1995. 
134 Substituted for the exis ting clause (c) by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act 1995 w.e.f. 25 -1-1995. 
Prior to substitution this clause read as under: 
―(c) the amount of fee to be paid for registration certificate and manner of suspension or cancellation of  
registration certificate under sub-section (2) and (3) of section 12.‖ 
135 Inserted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.r.e.f. 18-07-2013.  
136 Inserted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.r.e.f. 18-07-2013.  
39 
 
modification or annulment shall be without prejudice  to the validity of anything previously 
done under that rule or regulation. 
 
Application of other laws not barred. 
32. The provisions of this Act shall be in addition to, and not in derogation of, the provisions of 
any other law for the time being in force. 
 
Amendment of certain enactments. 
33. [Repealed by Repealing & Amending Act, 2001.] 
 
Power to remove difficulties. 
34. (1) If any difficulty arises in giving effect to the provisions of this Act, the Central 
Government may, by order, published in the Off icial Gazette, make such provisions not 
inconsistent with the provisions of this Act as may appear to be necessary for removing the 
difficulty : 
Provided that no order shall be made under this section after the expiry of five years from the 
commencement of this Act. 
(2) Every order made under this section shall be laid, as soon as may be after it is made, before 
each House of Parliament. 
 
137[Validation of certain acts. 
34A. Any act or thing done or purporting to have been done under the principal Act, in res pect 
of calling for information from, or furnishing information to, other authorities, whether in India 
or outside India, having functions similar to those of the Board and in respect of settlement of 
administrative and civil proceedings, shall, for all purposes, be deemed to be valid and effective 
as if the amendments made to the principal Act had been in force at all material times.] 
 
Repeal and saving. 
35. (1) The Securities and Exchange Board of India Ordinance, 1992 (Ord. 5 of 1992), is hereby 
repealed. 
(2) Notwithstanding such repeal, anything done or any action taken under the said Ordinance 
shall be deemed to have been done or taken under the corresponding provisions of this Act. 
 
THE SCHEDULE 
[See section 33] 
AMENDMENT OF CERTAIN ENACTMENTS 
[Repealed by Repealing & Amending Act, 2001] 
                                                 
137 Inserted by the Securities Laws (Amendment) Act, 2014, w.r.e.f. 18-07-2013.  